-2117 That's not the right answer.  If you're stuck, make sure you're using the full input data; there are also some general tips on the about page, or you can ask for hints on the subreddit.  Please wait one minute before trying again. [Return to Day 1]
5958 That's not the right answer; your answer is too high.  If you're stuck, make sure you're using the full input data; there are also some general tips on the about page, or you can ask for hints on the subreddit.  Please wait one minute before trying again. [Return to Day 1]
5316 That's not the right answer.  If you're stuck, make sure you're using the full input data; there are also some general tips on the about page, or you can ask for hints on the subreddit.  Because you have guessed incorrectly 4 times on this puzzle, please wait 5 minutes before trying again. [Return to Day 1]
4850 That's not the right answer.  If you're stuck, make sure you're using the full input data; there are also some general tips on the about page, or you can ask for hints on the subreddit.  Because you have guessed incorrectly 5 times on this puzzle, please wait 5 minutes before trying again. [Return to Day 1]
5834 That's not the right answer.  If you're stuck, make sure you're using the full input data; there are also some general tips on the about page, or you can ask for hints on the subreddit.  Because you have guessed incorrectly 8 times on this puzzle, please wait 10 minutes before trying again. [Return to Day 1]
0 That's not the right answer.  If you're stuck, make sure you're using the full input data; there are also some general tips on the about page, or you can ask for hints on the subreddit.  Because you have guessed incorrectly 9 times on this puzzle, please wait 10 minutes before trying again. (You guessed 0.) [Return to Day 1]
6380 That's not the right answer.  If you're stuck, make sure you're using the full input data; there are also some general tips on the about page, or you can ask for hints on the subreddit.  Because you have guessed incorrectly 10 times on this puzzle, please wait 10 minutes before trying again. [Return to Day 1]
